The last image burned into your retinas. The sunset. You remember how pretty it was. How you felt its warmth on your face. A picturesque view you would never forget.

Your eyes are once again seared. Not by soothing views or vibrant sunlight, but by pain. It is as if your eyes had been hit by a hammer, then pierced by a thousand thin needles.
You drag yourself off your bed, pulling your entire weight under cold arms. Your muscles feel rigid before painfully compressing like an ice cube cracks under one’s teeth. The bed feels unusually solid, and the floor feels jagged.
Finding yourself to the stairs, you grab the support of the railing in an attempt to upright yourself. It feels rusted. Yet as you remember it, it should be wooden. Using whatever strength that remains in your cracked muscles, you try to lift yourself upwards.
Your arms however, prove to be too weak and your hands are dragged down the coarse railing, cut by what feels to be a jagged strip of metal. Your grip is lost under the pain of the gash and you begin hurtling down the stairs.
You feel a stab, a pull, and hear a rip, before crashing into the floor. You are momentarily breathless. Your spine feels flattened. The back of your head rings as you lay there. The initial pain subsides and your awareness slowly returns. It is now that you notice you are wearing your jacket, and it is drenched. You also notice that you are laying in a pool of water. It leaves your hands sticky as it dries.
You begin to hear running water, it sounds like the tap. Rolling yourself over, you crawl towards the sound. The hallway feels as if it has shrunk. You attempt to look up, yet you hit your head on what feels to be a piece of rock.
The running water gets louder. It now sounds more like a stream than the tap. Eventually you reach it, and it lay below you. You cup your hands and reach down to collect some of the water. You dip your hands into the flow, and it burns. You reflexively and quickly pull your hands from the water, unintentionally ramming your elbow into what feels to be a rock. Your hands feel like they are resting on a bed of hot coal. The gash you attained earlier feels alight. Your elbow hurts so much you struggle to move it.
Your mind is captured under the pain, and you inadvertently begin to claw your way towards a sliver of light streaming through a set of cracks in the apparent ceiling. You scratch and clasp whatever surface you find, slowly dragging yourself towards the glow. Your jacket catches on something. You pull forward, tearing it and launching yourself.
You roll down a structure, hitting jagged edges and sharp corners. The skin of your hands is cracked, your eyes feel frozen. There are cuts all across your body, and your nails feel pulled. The sun is a dull white circle, its light diminished by a heavy fog. Looking around, you struggle to understand your surroundings.
You presume you are in the street, yet the walls do not possess any entrances, and they seem to converge and diverge, and rise and fall in an almost random manner. Walking forward, the world is slowly engulfed behind you, and revealed in front of you. Each step is more disorienting than the last. Black water trickles down the apparent buildings.
Your throat begins to feel clogged, you struggle to breath. Brought to your knees, you clasp your neck as you gasp for air. Your head feels compressed. Your stomach, your heart, your lungs, all feel as if they are burning. You feel lightheaded. You lose strength to your arms and legs. You start to cough. You pull your sleeve from your mouth to reveal blood.
The world freezes for a moment, your thoughts stop as you stare at the red liquid. It is as if the cold has gotten to your mind. Your sight blurs, you cannot move, the burning feels stronger. Your heart fails to maintain a steady beat. Your entire body shuts down as you fall unconscious.
The breeze is light. The fog has parted near the shore, and the sea glimmers under the sunset. The waves gently roll onto the coast. The trees lay silent. You sit there for hours, watching as the sky dazzles; then calms and settles. The water briefly glimmers one last time under the moonlight, before the fall once again rolls in.
It gets cold, you once again feel your muscles begin to freeze. You take yourself off the wall and walk towards the road. You begin to walk home, yet you struggle to breath.
The world closes behind you, yet does not open in front of you. The fog thickens. You are shivering uncontrollably. You stop walking in order to prevent yourself from collapsing. Your vision blurs.

You sit down. You remain there for a while. Eventually you hear something. The ground shakes lightly and the fog illuminates. The sound loudens and calms. A taxi pulls up next to you. The driver asks if you need assistance. The door opens on its own. You remain sat for a moment, before pulling yourself painfully into the vehicle. The door closes. The heating is on yet you cannot feel it.
The driver asks where you would like to go. You tell them your address. They seem confused, then gain a sad, pensive emotion. They inform you that they cannot take you there. You pause and think.
The driver turns around. Yet you are no longer there.